A list of issues (and the core idea)

1. Too hasty with commits.
Less commits, cleaner boards

2. Hermes is all about the privilege of information.
Not every information are true, but this does not mean that everyone is lying.
At the same time, this doesn't mean people with high influence should be trusted.
Even if it's a journal.

Reliability is more expensive than trust.

Information is valuable, but undervalued by several factors.

Data quality instead of quantity.

(If someone litters the pages with meaningless matters, GET THEM OUT.
    NO ONE LITTERS THIS HOUSE.)

3. Use branches.



4. Make headers, footers and sidebars shared between pages (with some exceptions).



5. Responsiveness



6. How to differ from Twitter? Not in concept, but in appearance.



7. Some degree of comments from the low authority users?

They may help to explore different opinions, but only if made right.

Worst case cenario, people just slandering fakeness and bots out of control.

Bots can be dealt with by just using link detection. (rarity of links in comments)



7.5 Maybe we can make the accounts unique to the emails, but guarantee more anonymity.

Asking personal data like RG, real name and such looks sketchy, but there should be something, like 1 account per email.

We could also give people some "privileges", like having a "parallel account" with different data tracking.

This would satisfy customers with the demand of different feeds and bait some griefers.




8. Technically, there's 3 authority levels.
    
    1. Reader.
    Someone who reads the news and occasionally shares opinions.
    A cleaner feed by the cost of a very limited amount of features.
    Not an app to stay the whole day on it.
    
    (Should we give them access to reduce karma? Would that reduce the app to a dictature of the majority?)

    2. Author.
    The one who makes the news and post them, along with links if they exist.
    Must be verified personally and is always under the threat of Karma.
    Only reduced by "good behavior", but still affected in the long term (ex: -9 health temporarely lost, but -1 permanent)

    3. "Authority" (workers from hermes).
    People that are contracted to verify people with bad Karma, suggest upgrades, verify the accounts...
    If one can't trust them, the app has failed.
    Each may have limited contribution to any case, to not generate a bias or to avoid such to interfere.